I'm Ellen and I'm totally
obsessed with food.
But I didn't start out obsessed with food.
I started out obsessed
with global security policy,
because I lived in New York during 9/11
and it was a very relevant thing.
I got from global security policy to food
because I realized when I'm hungry,
I'm really pissed off,
and I'm assuming
the rest of the world is too.
Especially if you and your kids are hungry
and your neighbor's kids are hungry
and your whole neighborhood is hungry.
And actually, it looks like
the areas of the world that are hungry
are also the areas of the world
that are pretty insecure.
So I took a job at the United Nations
World Food Programme